hi Rosie friends it's Julie and today
I'm going to be talking about the Celtic
complexion organic sunscreen this is the
first time I've tried a natural
sunscreen that doesn't have all the evil
chemicals in it and all that the reason
I want to try this was that I've had a
lot of bad reactions to regulars that
chemicals on screens that you get at
drugstores and things like that but as
you probably know if your skin is
anything like my skin then going out
into the direct sunlight without
sunscreen of some form on is completed
completely out of the question so I was
fortunate enough to be offered this
sample of the product in exchange for an
honest review this is not a sponsored
video I'm not being paid to say anything
this is not scripted this is all my
opinion of the product the product is
this one here
and it is an SPF thirty two and it's
completely chemical free and the
ingredient in it that actually protects
from the UV rays is zinc oxide and I was
also sent this some really actually
quite detailed pamphlet was a whole pile
of information about this on it um it
says it's synthetic chemical free 25%
zinc oxide non nano mineral-based reef
safe which is good if you're going on
vacation to that to an area of the world
with reefs and rated excellent by the
ewg guide to sunscreen so um there is a
lot of information on here i will link
to be this product in the description
for this video so that you can check it
out yourself i'm not just going to read
a pamphlet the entire time but it does
talk about why the zinc oxide for
example what it is why that was selected
on the type of barrier that provides to
protect from the Sun I've actually found
that very interesting and it made me
like this even more once I read about it
um there's there are a lot of
instructions on how you can get the very
best you said of it the very best
experience so I tried to follow that as
well so I followed all the instructions
in here for example exfoliating your
face first to make sure that it will
spread the most evenly and things like
that moisturizing is well and then on
the other side of this it actually talks
about why chemical sunscreens probably
aren't your best choice and that was
also very interesting I've heard a lot
about that until now um I just didn't
focus on it too heavily just because I
didn't feel that i really had that much
of a choice I had to wear sunscreen so
I've heard that you know certain ones of
the chemicals will disrupt hormones and
I've heard that they are actually skin
cancer causing even more than the Sun
and I don't know which parts of that are
true and which aren't true this is
fascinating as well I will be writing a
blog about this once I've done the
entire line of celtic complexion
products that I'm trying so eventual
Lee I will actually discuss this in
detail but as I said I will also link to
the page for this product so you can
check it out for yourself okay on to my
actual experience I tried this I've
tried this twice now the first time is
for a very short time because i just
wanted to basically do a quick test to
make sure that it wouldn't cause me to
flare up and then have to spend a long
time healing up from it and then the
next time was to actually test to see if
it would actually protect my skin when
compared to the chemical based product
that i've been using until now and the
the product i've been using until now
has but it is not organic it is not
natural it is not there there's nothing
mother nature did not make this product
but it has worked for me until now in
the sense that I don't get sunburned and
I don't get a flare-up from it but
obviously this is a lot more attractive
because if I can get those two features
and not use all of those chemicals I
would like to do that what I found when
I use this you need a very very small
amount that's actually something that I
like about very very high quality
natural products and I don't I wish
there was another term for natural
products that you could use for the high
quality ones as opposed to the ones that
just put natural on the label because
somewhere in their ingredients there's
something they found in a garden but um
this particular line takes a lot of care
to make sure that the ingredients that
make it into their formulas are high
quality they provide the skin with
benefits and they're used in a decent
amount they are used because they need
to be there they're not just there
because it's a hyped ingredient and they
want it on the label there there's
enough in there to actually produce a
benefit there is an effect that is
caused by each of the ingredients in
this so nothing is there in some trace
amount just so that they can say that
there's some magical substance in there
because you may have heard of it these
everything in here is floated in a good
quantity if it's listed matt said so
putting this on I found that you need
very very little it did spread very very
evenly over my
and I had no problem with that it didn't
seem drying at all at the beginning and
what I really liked about it my first
impression was that it was not slimy I
am so tired of being slimy every time I
walk out the door and this one is not
there's definitely a layer that goes on
top of the skin but it is not a greasy
layer it is slightly white um I do
believe that is the zinc and it is just
slightly on the opaque side that doesn't
bother me at all because my skin is so
pale other than the red parts from where
there is rosacea my skin is so pale that
that is not problematic to have white
foot over top maybe I didn't rub it in
or maybe I used a little bit too much
there was if I looked in the mirror
closely I could see that there was
something there but honestly it didn't
bother me at all but it didn't it wasn't
something that stood out it didn't look
like I baby powdered my face it just I
did notice that it was visible on my
face after I had walked around and sweat
a little bit it was still there so it
wasn't something that kind of sinks in
overtime but it could be that i'm a
little bit heavy-handed the instructions
do say apply the size of a small pearl
to the face and neck maybe I used
slightly more than that I don't recall
exactly I don't know exactly how much a
small role it has to be completely
honest but I could have been I could
have put a little bit much I know when I
use the chemical stuff I tend to just
squeeze the bottle and put this big
white layer on and is like as long as I
keep rubbing it eventually sinks in so
maybe I was just overkill a little bit
but as I said it is not a dramatic white
layer I would not be embarrassed about
putting that on and then walking to a
store or something and having that you
know being seen like that i don't think
it's noticeable to anybody but me but i
thought i would point that out when i
got back from walking around walking the
dog walking to the farmers market there
was if there still wasn't a greasy or
oily layer on my face there was on my
arms because i was using a chemical
based one but on my face which had
I did not have any problem at all which
I absolutely loved I completely intend
to keep using this buying it for my face
it's not cheap so I wouldn't buy it for
my whole body at least at the beginning
until like completely and at being sold
on a tent end up changing my mind but at
the my first intention will be to just
continue using it all my face because I
absolutely love it in terms of
waterproofing it hasn't been tested for
waterproofing the creator of the product
had actually addressed that in the
pamphlet that she gave me and says I
have not conducted the FDA mandated
testing for water resistance largely
because i believe telling my customers
that the product stays on you in the
water is misleading and unethical since
no sons sunscreens could do that
adequately the term waterproof was
excluded from the approved marketing
technology in the FDA's 1999 final
monograph governing the manufacture of
sunscreen products because nothing on
the planet is waterproof and this term
provides consumers a false sense of
security while using the product I say
it's very water resistant so I did not
go swimming when I was wearing this I
did sweat a bit but as I said even after
sweating a little bit when I came home
and I looked in the mirror I could still
see that it was there let alone just
feeling it or anything like that so I
know that after going out and sweating
for it was probably a half hour to 40
minutes the product was still on my skin
if I were to go for more than maybe an
hour or so like maybe an hour and a half
if I was really sweating i would
definitely reapply but um for about that
amount of time when just exercising
normally walking in a lot of heat it's
30 degrees celsius today for example and
i've used that day i was comfortable
with with the amounts that that was
still on my face when i got home so
again I didn't try it while swimming XO
I'm overall I'm completely sold on this
this is definitely what I'm going to
want to use on my face from now on this
is definitely the best sunscreen and the
gentlest sunscreen I have ever tried I
couldn't be happier with this um yeah so
if you are looking for a sunscreen and
you've been
acting everything else are you looking
for something that is not based on one
of the chemical ingredients that is so
common in the drugstore based sunscreens
this is definitely worth giving a try
this is a great one I definitely like it
a lot and it I had no extra redness from
the Sun left behind when I got home so i
will be reviewing a number of other
celtic complexion products if you want
to see the initial unboxing video to see
what else i'll be reviewing i will put a
link to it right here on the screen but
for now it's all about the sunscreen and
i hope you're having a funny day even if
you do have to wear something to protect
your skin but i also hope you like this
video if you did please give it a thumbs
up and if you want to see more videos
like this more of the reviews of this
product line or any of the tips or
tricks or any of the other products i'll
be trying out because I review a lot of
different products I hope you will
subscribe to this channel I do make
videos every Sunday and Thursday and
other than that I guess I'll see you
next time